Cyber security is ultimately about risk management.
The number of threats and issues that exist are
endless and we all know that no matter how hard we try,
we cannot protect against every single threat.
We have to thoughtfully pick and choose the ones that matter the most.
A standard risk management process involves identifying,
assessing, and mitigating risks.
During that first step of identifying risks,
a key component of that is understanding
the threats the company faces because without a threat,
essentially there is no risk.
Whether it's different cyber attack methods, threat actors,
or unintentional threats, you have to understand what those threats are,
who's behind them, and what their motivations are.
All of that insight provides the basis for knowing what
you are up against in order to ultimately plan the best defense.